[ Water, motor sounds ]
>> So my name is Nejc Zupan.
I come from Slovenia.
I'm a junior at Dartmouth
College and a breaststroker.
And [inaudible name] and I are on the swim team.
I was initially drawn to swimming because
I like the competitive nature of the sport.
When you dive in a pool, it's just you and the
clock and the pool, and each lane's the same.
You don't depend on luck.
You only depend on yourself.
Each person's on his own.
And I think that's why I was
initially drawn to swimming.
I guess now that I look back at it, what I
like and what made me stuck with swimming is,
you know, that feel that you get
each time you dive in a pool.
It's hard to describe, but you feel like water's
sort of insulating you from outer distractions,
and it's just you with your own thoughts.
It's -- it's a special kind of
feeling, and I -- I really enjoy it.
Some of the best friends that I made during
my college career were definitely the friends
that I met on the swim team.
We're very close with each other.
It's a special kind of bond
that ties us together.
You know, we practice together.
We wake up at 5:30 together.
We go eat together.
We live together.
It's definitely a unique experience.
And it's definitely something that made
this work way more enjoyable for me.
I think the team aspect is really
important, especially on the college level.
And I think that our team has
that special thing that, you know,
makes going to practice is
much easier for each one of us.
It's definitely, you know, a huge honor to be
able to represent Dartmouth on a national level.
I definitely feel like it's also a
huge responsibility for me, you know,
since I'm the first swimmer
after 33 years that is going
to be representing Dartmouth
on -- at the NCAA championship.
But I'm definitely excited about the
meet, excited to show what I can do.
And I hope that everything works out
at the end and that we come out ahead.
[ Water sounds ]